tonight it was about retribution it was
about revenge it was about all the
months that Randy Orton was on the Shelf
thinking and praying and playing with
emotion with passion the fact that Randy
Orton's career could have been ended at
the hands of Seth Rollins and tonight
Randy Orton's unbridled fury he struck
at the right time he picked his spot it
was all about drawing Seth Rollins in it
was all about falling into the plot and
the plan that Randy Orton had concocted
in his head this entire time Randy Orton
made Rollins believe that they were
friends that they were on the same page
that they were a family that they were a
cohesive unit and Seth Rollins fell
right into the Vipers trap Randy Orton
like a snake he slithered his way into
this match with Roman reigns in a
handicap match Seth Rollins got screwed
when Orrin pulled his hand away Rollins
thought it was a joke like Rollins
thought it was a joke earlier tonight
Randy Orton's career is no joke range or
one of the most decorated one of the
most volatile one of the most vicious
superstars and Seth Rollins found out
out firsthand why Randy Orton is indeed
the apex predator as Randy Orton would
lay out a sadistic a site anak a
physical a brutal beatdown on Seth
Rollins and it was sick and it was
twisted and it was diabolical it was
everything we would expect from Randy
Orton from shots to the head shots to
the back kicks me lay through the crowd
absolute mayhem in bedlam and then Randy
Orton would solve it and end it with an
RKO through the table on Seth Rollins an
RKO on night that Seth Rollins will
never forget the Viper is back Randy
Orton strikes again I love this segment
it was great five out of five stars
WrestleMania here we come subscribe